
## Constructor :
- compiler synthesis default constructor when needed.
- this pointer is created at constructor call / object creation.
- constructor is use for resource allocation not object member initialization

- copy constructor 
    + copy value of one object into another
    + calls when passing a obj as parameter
    + calls when returning a obj
    + calls when assigning one obj to another.
    + when obj declarationa n assignment in same line then copy constructor.
    + when already declared obj , assignment then assignment operator.

    + many a times compiler optimise the code, and performs copy elidion so dont use copy constructor or assignment operator while passing an obj as parameter or returning a obj from function.
	+ `fno-elide-constructors` :
       The C++ standard allows an implementation to omit creating a
       temporary which is only used to initialize another object of the
       same type.  Specifying this option disables that optimization, and
       forces g++ to call the copy constructor in all cases.

- in main destructor call happen @return statement,
- in function , destructor call happen @return statement.

- When a class contains a contained object , and inherit from class 
    + first inherited class constructor, then contained class constructor, then current class constructor.
    + case class from left to right , containment from top to bottom.


## types of constructors : 
1.default ctor  
2.conversion ctor  
3.explicit ctor  
4.parameter ctor  
5.copy ctor 
```cpp
    CA(const CA&)
    {
        cout<<"CA Copy C-tor \n";
    } 
``` 
#Assignment operator overloading
```cpp
    CA& operator=(const CA&)             
    {
        cout<<"CA Assign operator \n";
        return *this;
    }
```
## modern c++  
6.move  
7.forward ctor  
8.init ctor  
9.ctor delegation  

## constructor calls 
- when passing a obj,reciving a obj , copy constructor .
- when passing a obj, reciving a reference , no constructor.
- when passing a move obj, rec a obj , move constructor.
- if recieve is move, must pass move, else error.
- we cant use move in place of reference.
```cpp
class CA
	{
	public:
		CA()
		{
			cout << "Default \n";
		}
		CA(const CA& par)
		{
			cout << "Copy\n";
		}
		CA(CA&& par) noexcept
		{
			cout << "Move\n";
		}
		~CA() noexcept
		{
			cout << "D-tor\n";
		}
	};

	void f1(CA obj)
	{
		cout << "Apple\n";
	}

	void f2(CA& obj)
	{
		cout << "Orange\n";
	}

	void f3(CA&& obj)
	{
		cout << "Mango\n";
	}

	int main()
	{
		CA obj;   
		line();
		//f1(obj);  // copy constructor
		line();
		//f2(obj);  // no constructor, reference
		line();
		//f1(std::move(obj));
		line();
		//f2(std::move(obj));//error :move inplace of reference
		line();
		//f3(obj);//error : needed explicit move
		line();
		f3(std::move(obj));
		line();
		return 0;
	}
```

## Lvalue:

- An lvalue represents an object that occupies some identifiable location in memory (i.e., it has an address).
- It can appear on the left-hand side of an assignment operation, meaning it can be assigned a value.
- Examples of lvalues include variables, array elements, and dereferenced pointers.

## Rvalue:
- An rvalue represents a value that is not stored in a memory location and is typically temporary.
It can appear on the right-hand side of an assignment operation but cannot be assigned a value itself.
- Examples of rvalues include literals (e.g., 5, "hello"), temporary variables, and the result of expressions.

## Move constructor
- A move constructor is a special member function in C++ that enables the efficient transfer of resources from one object to another, typically during move operations like returning objects from functions or transferring ownership between objects.

- The move constructor is invoked automatically when an object is being moved from, typically when :  
1. Returning a temporary object from a function.
2. Using std::move() to explicitly invoke move semantics.
3. When passing an rvalue reference to a function.

- The move constructor enables efficient resource management, especially for large objects or objects that manage external resources like dynamically allocated memory or file handles.
- Instead of performing a deep copy of the resources, the move constructor simply transfers the ownership of the resources, resulting in faster and more efficient operations.

- It's important to note that if a move constructor is not explicitly provided, the compiler will generate a default move constructor automatically for classes that don't have user-defined copy constructors, copy assignment operators, or destructor. However, if a class has any of these, and the move semantics need to be implemented differently, it's necessary to define a custom move constructor.
```cpp
class CA
{
	int* a;
public:
	CA() :a(new int(1000))
	{
		cout << "Ctor a = [ " << a << " ]\n";
	}
	CA(const CA& par) :a(new int(*par.a))
	{
		cout << "Deep Copy a= [ " << a << " ]\n";
	}
	CA(CA&& par) noexcept :a(par.a)
	{
		par.a = NULL;
		cout << "Move ctor\n";
	}
	~CA() noexcept
	{
		cout << "D-tor a = [ " << a << " ]\n";
		delete a;
	}
};

CA Factory()
{
	CA temp;
	cout << "DoBusiness\n";
	return temp;
}

int main()
{
	CA obj = Factory();
	line();
	CA obj1(obj);
	line();
	return 0;
}
```
